README.md, before:

# Finer Vision Test Submission

This file contains information on how to use and set up the submission.

## NOTE

For submission purposes, the .env files for a local environment have been included.

## DB Setup

Please see the "finer_vision.sql" for the schema regarding the database and import it to the database of your choice.

## Client Setup

Create a .env file at the root directory of the "client" folder within the project and pass it a key "REACT_APP_API_URL", which defines the API endpoint for the application.

Ensure the Server is running before attempting to perform any command that requires data fetching or submission.

## Server Setup

Ensure the database is up and running with the database and table configured.

Create a .env file at the root directory of the "server" folder

Within the .env file provide the required settings DB_USER, DB_PASSWORD, DB_HOST and DB_DATABASE. You can see below an example of the. env file needed

```
DB_USER= root
DB_PASSWORD=
DB_HOST= localhost
DB_DATABASE= finer_vision
```

## Route Interactions

For this project, the server routes can be seen below:

Adds a user to the database

```
router.post("/api/users")
```

Gets a list of all the users from the database

```
router.post("/api/users")
```

These endpoints can also be examined within "/server/lib/users."

If you run into any issues while viewing the submission, please get in touch with me.

Commit message:

Updated the README and sql files Cleint - Removed the trim from the comments section

README.md, after:

# Finer Vision Test Submission

This file contains information on how to use and set up the submission.

## NOTE

For submission purposes, the .env files for a local environment have been included.

Please ensure that Node is installed on the computer running this test

## DB Setup

Create a Database with the name "finer_vision" or change the database name to that of your choice within the servers.env file

Please see the "finer_vision.sql" for the schema regarding the database and import it to the database of your choice.

## Client Setup

Create a .env file at the root directory of the "client" folder within the project and pass it a key "REACT_APP_API_URL", which defines the API endpoint for the application if one does not exist.

Ensure the Server is running before attempting to perform any command that requires data fetching or submission.

## Server Setup

Ensure the database is up and running with the database and table configured with the required schema from the "finer_vision.sql".

Create a .env file at the root directory of the "server" folder if one does not exist

Within the .env file provide the required settings DB_USER, DB_PASSWORD, DB_HOST and DB_DATABASE. You can see below an example of the. env file needed

```
DB_USER= root
DB_PASSWORD=
DB_HOST= localhost
DB_DATABASE= finer_vision
```

## Client Start

To start the client run the following command from the client directory

```
npm run start
```

## Server Start

To start the server, it is recommended to use nodemon with the following command from the server directory:

```
nodemon index
```

or alternatively

```
node index
```

## Route Interactions

For this project, the server routes can be seen below:

Adds a user to the database

```
router.post("/api/users")
```

Gets a list of all the users from the database

```
router.post("/api/users")
```

These endpoints can also be examined within "/server/lib/users" directory

If you run into any issues while viewing the submission, please get in touch with me.
